README.md, before:

# Kristina-Ahn-Portfolio


## Description


This Portfolio provides future employers with information about myself (Kristina Ahn), projects that I am most proud of, and a few  ways to contact me. 


## Installation

N/A

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative file path, add it to your README using the following syntax:

![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)

## Credits

I would like to thank my wonderful classmates, Brian (Teacher), and Shawn (TA), for helping me complete this project.

## License

Please refer to the LICENSE in the repo. 



## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute to it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Deployment

https://kriskris9.github.io/Kristina-Ahn-Portfolio/

Commit message:

completed usage section in README.md

README.md, after:

# Kristina-Ahn-Portfolio


## Description


This Portfolio provides future employers with information about myself (Kristina Ahn), projects that I am most proud of, and a few  ways to contact me. 


## Installation

N/A

## Usage

To navigate through this webpage click on the buttons below the header. Each button will take you to the appropriate section ( About Me, Projects, and Contact Me). To view projects click on the images in the project section and you should be rerouted to the deployed link. Currently, there is only one project deployed and the rest of the images are placeholders, therefore, some links are not navigationa. 

## Credits

I would like to thank my wonderful classmates, Brian (Teacher), and Shawn (TA), for helping me complete this project.

## License

Please refer to the LICENSE in the repo. 


## Deployment

https://kriskris9.github.io/Kristina-Ahn-Portfolio/


## Assets

![alt](/assets/images.jpg)
![alt] ()
![alt](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-03-03%20at%204.13.41%20PM.png)
![alt](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-03-03%20at%204.14.05%20PM.png)
